Add docs for OpenID API proxy and general reorg of auth docs (#297)
kiali/kiali.io: content/documentation/staging/configuration/authentication/token.adoc

---
title: "Token strategy"
date: 2020-08-25T00:00:00+02:00
draft: false
weight: 9
---

:toc: macro
:toc-title: In this section:
:keywords: authentication token
:icons: font
:sectlinks:

toc::[]

== Introduction

The `token` authentication strategy allows a user to login to Kiali using the
token of a Kubernetes ServiceAccount. This is similar to the
link:https://github.com/kubernetes/dashboard/blob/master/docs/user/access-control/README.md#login-view[login
view of Kubernetes Dashboard].

The `token` strategy takes advantage of the cluster's RBAC. See the link:{{<
relref "../rbac" >}}[Role-based access control documentation] for more details.

== Set-up

Since `token` is the default strategy when deploying Kiali in Kubernetes, you
shouldn't need to configure anything, unless your cluster is OpenShift. If you
want to be verbose or if you need to enable the `token` strategy in OpenShift,

> use the following configuration in the Kiali operator resource:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
use the following configuration in the Kiali CR:
```
